                                                 Vulnorator - Linux Based Python Tool
                                                       http://vulnorator.ml                                                
                                                      Devloped By VAIBHAV PAREEK
                                                            VERSION 1.0

Why i have develop this tool ?

When the first time I realized I want to be in the cybersecurity, I have searched for months on the internet for good stuff to learn about cyber
security and penetration testing .i have searched the internet for months without getting much as I was the beginner to even google searching,
all i knew was how to search for assignment of school. this way i have restricted myself to that searching only. when I started facing problems,
I started searching for solutions this way i come to know about linux and linux was like error box for me for intial 1 year. With the time i get
familier with the linux and in love with kali linux. Very soon i get to know about Metasploit after get to know a little bit about linux commands,
which holds my interest for few days as again i din't get much resources to learn about metasploit on google .then i have come to know about that 
there are various free courses available on the internet to learn about all this.Few days back when i was hunting for a website, I got a message 
from someone on linkedin who wants to start learning cyber security.i have given him only one suggestion that anyone who wants to learn ethical 
hacking and cyber security needs to learn by itself means just search and learn. It is a journey that you have to go through to be something in 
this field.No offence to anyone who doesn't agree to my opinion.But then a thought strikes my mind that atleast i can make something which softens
their journey little bit. this way i started working on this project and finally completed.

whoami ?

Vaibhav is an engineering student pursuing his BTech(Hons) in computer science. He has been practicing in the field of cybersecurity for the last
2 years. He has found many vulnerabilities on various websites and reported it to them with 4 vulnerabilities in government websites under the RVDP
Scheme. He has web development experience as well both in frontend and backend(Django). He is not an expert in this field but he is only sharing his
experience with this vulnorator tool. The only aim of his is to help people more familiar with vulnerabilities and cybersecurity and to get started 
in this awesome field. 

Linkedin Profile of Vaibhav: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vaibhavvp/
Email ID to contact him : vaibhavpareekvp7@gmail.com
