Methodologies of Hacking or Exploiting is different for a different person.
Here I am sharing the way I have used to learn and practice cybersecurity and still doing.
I can share here some resources which can help you understand and practice exploitation and practice.

Steps I have Followed :

1. Get started with basic terminologies about cybersecurity like search about what is a vulnerability, exploit, risks, threats, compliances, penetration testing , modules, vulnerability management, penetration testing, hacking and basic terminologies.
2. Now  Learn about basic commands of Linux to be familiar with the environment.
      Resource1: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/linux-commands/
      Resource2: Linux Fundamentals by discourses on youtube.
3. Now learn the basics of networking to be familiar with names like IP addresses, mac addresses, Routers, ports, services, OSI Model. 
      Resource1: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/computer-network-tutorials/
      Resource 2: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2D1o-aM-2s&list=PLh94XVT4dq02frQRRZBHzvj2hwuhzSByN
4. Now Learn about basic vulnerabilities like
     1. SQL Injection
     2. Cross-Site Scripting
     3. Cross-Site Request Forgery
     4. Indirect Object Reference
     5. Parameter Tempering
     6. File Inclusion
     7. File Upload
     8. Authentication Bypass
     9. Session Management
    10. Account Takeover.
     * Just paste the name in the google search box, and you will get thousands of resources for these vulnerabilities.
5. Now download and setup XAMPP in your personal computer and also download these machines to practice web application penetration testing.
     1. DVWA
     2. OWASP Webgoat
     3. OWASP Bwapp
    4. Metaspoitable Multidae
6. Now Practice online, play some CTF's to start thinking like a hacker or to understand their methodology.
     Resource 1: rootme.org
     Resource 2: hackthebox.eu
     Resource 3: Hackerone101
7. Now download some retired machines of hack the box in your virtual machine VirtualBox or Vmware.
     1. Machines from hackthebox who are retired, people make a walkthrough for these machines on youtube so just search for it.
8. Keep on learning and practicing these stuff to keep motivated yourself.
9. Download some books and also follow some exceptional security researchers on forums or Linkedin.
10 Books Resources : 
        1. Web Application Hacker's Handbook 
        2. Kali Linux- an ethical hacker's Cookbook
Practice, read, and repeat to make yourself comfortable in this field.
I hope it helps you learn about cybersecurity somewhat.......


Vaibhav Pareek(Developer - Vulnorator)